# Sample articles (in a real scenario, you'd have many more)
articles = [
    "FIVE MILLION DOLLARS were on offer to contestants in “Beast Games”, a new game show being made for Amazon’s Prime Video streaming service. Instead, some participants received physical injuries, emotional distress and sexual harassment, according to a complaint filed in a Los Angeles court on September 16th. Amazon and the show’s creator, Jimmy Donaldson, a 26-year-old YouTuber known as MrBeast, have not commented on the lawsuit. But the fiasco has reassured some Hollywood executives that they have little to fear from social-media upstarts.",
    "FOR NEARLY a year Israel has fought a defensive war on its border with Lebanon. Since October 8th the pattern has been familiar. Civilians on both sides of the border have fled. Hizbullah, the Shia militia in Lebanon, has fired missiles and launched explosive drones towards the towns and bases near Israel’s northern border. The Israel Defence Forces (IDF) has responded in kind with artillery and air strikes. That pattern has now been broken.",
    "WHEN Gerald Ford accepted the Republican Party’s nomination for president at the 1976 convention, he stood, literally, between the party’s past and future. He shook hands with the future, standing on his right: Ronald Reagan, the challenger he narrowly defeated. To his left, the past—Nelson Rockefeller, the vice-president whom Ford dropped from the ticket—dutifully cheered. Ford would go on to lose to Jimmy Carter that autumn; four years later, Reagan would win the nomination and the first of his two landslide general-election victories. Rockefeller, meanwhile, would leave public life and die at his desk in 1979.",
    "I HAVE SPENT much of my career at St Mary’s Hospital, in London, a short walk from the laboratory where in 1928 Sir Alexander Fleming made his epoch-defining discovery of penicillin, the first antibiotic. Millions of lives have been saved since and the drugs were once thought to have put an end to infectious disease. But that dream has died as bacteria resistant to antibiotics have grown and multiplied. Today untreatable infections, for which there is no antibiotic, cause more than 1m deaths a year worldwide, a toll projected to rise ten-fold by 2050, surpassing all deaths from cancer.",
    "The year 1859 was a big one for British publishing. Charles Darwin’s “On the Origin of Species” was published, as was John Stuart Mill’s “On Liberty”. So too was a now largely forgotten book by an author named Samuel Smiles. It was boring, badly written and critically panned: one writer called books of its sort “the silliest ever known”. Naturally, readers loved it. It outsold Darwin, popularised a new term and in the process changed publishing for ever. It was called “Self-Help” and its aim was simple: to teach readers that “with Will one can do anything”. One could certainly sell more books: last year in Britain, according to figures from Nielsen BookData, 3% of all books sold were self-help.",
    "FEMINISTS HAVE a basic belief: that men and women are in all important respects equal. But getting people, especially men, to accept that truth and act on it has been the work of centuries. Feminists have made the case through activism, politics, economics, journalism and art. The work is unfinished. Western feminist theory has divided the movement’s history, and writing about it, into “waves”. In this interpretation feminism began in the late 1840s with the campaign for women’s suffrage in America. The second wave came in the 1960s with the call for women’s “liberation” and equality under the law. A third wave in the 1990s was more rebellious than reformist, more anarchically individualistic than disciplined and legalistic. Some think we are in the midst of a fourth wave, sustained by the internet and social media; the #MeToo movement, which calls out sexual misconduct by powerful men, is its characteristic expression.",
    "The blackwell chip from Nvidia, shovel-maker for the artificial-intelligence (ai) gold rush, contains 208bn transistors spread over two “dies”, pieces of silicon each about 800 square millimetres in area, that house the processor circuitry. The two dies are linked by a blazing 10 terabytes (ie, ten thousand gigabytes) per second chip-to-chip connection. Each die is flanked by four blocks of high-bandwidth memory (hbm) chips that together store 192 gigabytes of data. The advanced packaging methods used to build this megachip are now in the spotlight, with some speculating that they may lead to production delays."
]